Implement `Controlled.sparse_matrix` (#6994)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * `Controlled` operators now have a full implementation of `sparse_matrix` to support `wire_order` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Controlled` operators now have a full implementation of `sparse_matrix` that supports `wire_order` configuration.
```
